---
layout: post
title:  "Jump down"
desc: "The way up is down, yet not all things go up when they go down. Read to know..."
date:   2020-05-03
permalink: "/bible/jump-down/"
category: bible
---

## Jump down

> "...and always remember this, friends, **the way up is down**" - William Branham

Ah! I cannot help but feel rather inadequate every time I reminisce about those words. Those words only serve to reinforce the fact that William Branham was a mighty man of God.

But, jumping back on track here, I want to show you some things that the Lord revealed to me through this quote.

...

As I lay in my bed waiting for my conscious mind to stop working for the day (basically, to fall sleep :sleeping_bed:), The Lord revealed to me that **"not all things go up when they fall down"**

"How Lord?", I inquired.

...

See this is what the Lord revealed to me: 

> **"Unless the thing/person going down has life it will never go up"**, explained The Holy Spirit

Imagine you drop a tennis ball from the terrace of a 30-storey building, it will surely reach the ground in some time but see it doesn't have life inside it. No part of the tennis ball will go back up

But now, imagine a human in the same place. If a human falls to the ground from the top of a 30-storey building, when they reach the ground, their body surely won't bounce back up, but there is a part in every human that will surely go up -- **the Soul**

I'm sure you agree :slightly_smiling_face:

So, what I'm trying to get at is this: ***From both the instances we conclude that unless you have life within you, you will never go up***

> Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, **and the life** - *John 14:6 KJV*

#### Jesus is the life.

* If you don't have the life within you, there's no point humbling yourself. There's no point.

* If you go down without first having **the life** inside you, it's pointless because you won't rise up

* See the bible tells us that we need to die daily (1 Corinthians 15:31). If you are dying daily but without the life of God within you, you are really only dying in vain. Why? Because you're like a tennis ball -- lifeless. There's no part of you that can go up

* Ask yourself whether Jesus is really inside of you? He knocks at everyone's doors, have you opened your door? Have you let him come in?
* Maybe you feel you're killing yourself daily, that's great! But is the King inside you?
* Everyone's going through troubles. You're going through troubles, I'm going through troubles, Jesus went through troubles, But see if you're going through troubles without Jesus, **It is worthless, my friend. Totally worthless**

## Final Words

If you're dying daily but

* the joy of the Lord is not inside you
* you are always unhappy
* you are always irritated and frustrated
* you are not full of the Holy Spirit 

It is all in vain, brother/sister. You may be Christian, you might speak in tongues also but can still not have the Holy Spirit.

Examine yourself today. Look inside to see if you are lifeless. May the Lord fill you today with Himself. God bless you! Shalom.

